Shawn Phalen: Hear me
Galaxy S10+: Hello. Hey,
Shawn Phalen: Can you hear me.
Galaxy S10+: Yes, I can. Sorry about that. Okay. Can you see me. I can see you. Is my video not coming up. Yeah. Okay, there it goes, hey,
Shawn Phalen: How you doing,
Galaxy S10+: I'm doing all right. I mean, suppose I can be. I've got, I've got a lot of things, dealing with everyday right now. Okay, what do you do
Galaxy S10+: Well, for one thing, we have the coronavirus outbreak here in California and I lost my employment to do this because the restaurant. I worked for longer this service and
Galaxy S10+: And
Galaxy S10+: My day to day thing is I struggled from having ADHD and a DD everyday as my whole life.
Shawn Phalen: Have you back for unemployment.
Galaxy S10+: I have filed for unemployment, I haven't received any yet. And I'm waiting for the care act to go into effect. Totally.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so do you have to reapply
Shawn Phalen: Are you okay
Galaxy S10+: Um, I'm not sure what the next step is I'm just waiting for them kind of electronically, get back to me. Yeah, I've held my claim and all that done everything that I'm supposed to do.
Galaxy S10+: Just like actually being able to survive. And so for me, in between because it was quite
Galaxy S10+: A sudden loss of employment. Yeah.
Galaxy S10+: Where are you living right now I'm staying with a friend up in Redding, California, because where I'm at, is pretty rural and there's not a lot of stores and stuff to be around. So I figured we better be where there was more stores to get food and stuff.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so tell me
Shawn Phalen: Tell me what brought you to break hurt.
Galaxy S10+: Oh, a friend of mine recommended it. Because like I had a
Galaxy S10+: I gotten frustrated with my life because
Galaxy S10+: I never get my treatment from ADHD. I know I i've had treatment for it. Like, I've taken other people's treatment for it, and I know it works, but I haven't been able to get it myself, because of the area of living and I kind of fell into using drugs.
Shawn Phalen: What we use and
Galaxy S10+: I'm heroines okay
Galaxy S10+: And I kind of got stuck using that it started, it was like, at first it was punishing good and then it got really, really, really bad.
Galaxy S10+: And then I didn't want to be on that any months ago a friend of mine recommended
Galaxy S10+: And Suboxone and that's what I've been taking for that. But there's still the underlying
Galaxy S10+: Issue that I'm not having any there's not a solid like I still struggle with ADHD every day and I pulled back into a depression because I'm still affected by that. Even though I'm not like doing heroin now.
Galaxy S10+: I'm still everyday struggling to like be able to function like
Shawn Phalen: Even on the Suboxone
Galaxy S10+: On this. It's been almost a month now.
Galaxy S10+: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Have you had any relapses on heroin.
Know,
Galaxy S10+: Not wanting to do that anymore ever again. Okay, so
Shawn Phalen: How long had you been doing heroin.
Galaxy S10+: Almost a year and a half.
Galaxy S10+: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: And prior to that were using any other drugs.
Galaxy S10+: Um, I had tried
Galaxy S10+: To me like illegal substances. Yeah. Um, yeah, I've tried just about everything there is out there, of course, but um
Galaxy S10+: Basically I had like pain pills and stuff every once in a while like just get like
Galaxy S10+: I don't know if you consider marijuana but I smoked better and whatnot. But I'm kind of allergic to it. I'm not a big drinker. I've never, I can't really drink makes me sick. Okay.
Galaxy S10+: Is this the first time they have sought treatment know I've sought treatment, the entire time I've been an adult, but the county. I live in is so small. There's nobody there that can make me a referral to get anybody to get my treatment like
Galaxy S10+: The I've literally got into the clinics there and to the doctors and the mental health and they just don't have anybody that can do this on me. That's why I sought help like through you guys
Shawn Phalen: So have you ever been on ADHD medication.
Galaxy S10+: I have tried Strattera I have tried. I've tried all of the kinds that they try you on first and
Galaxy S10+: None of those worked but
Galaxy S10+: I don't work for me.
Galaxy S10+: I use that for very short time and then my doctor moved away from this area. I don't know if you knew this virus was come in or what was going on, but about
Galaxy S10+: Three and a half years ago and decided to leave. And there's been nobody to replace him since this was when I i got a short amount of treatment to mental health and never been anybody refer me ever since. Like, that's the documentation that have through having treatment of this
Galaxy S10+: I was diagnosed with it when I was in
Galaxy S10+: Preschool kindergarten.
Galaxy S10+: And my mom decided not to give me the treatment for it. She decided against it.
Galaxy S10+: Out as an adult.
Galaxy S10+: I don't, I don't see how it plays being without it is possible because like it's a struggle.
Galaxy S10+: I'm not, I'm not successful in my, in my job. During my everyday life because I've never completing anything I struggled to keep a hold of what I'm doing. And I'll, I'll start something else and all sorts of snow and never finished anything. So I can't focus
Shawn Phalen: Have you heard about getting on some ADHD medication.
Galaxy S10+: I have. That's why I'm speaking to you.
Galaxy S10+: I'm I've literally asked them every time that I've spoke with any individual from this company.
Shawn Phalen: Who's your doctor.
Galaxy S10+: And doctor fig me
Galaxy S10+: Yes, I have. And he says you can't. It's not his
Galaxy S10+: Son his specialty or something. And that's, that's why the reschedule. I believe with you.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, see, I'm not a doctor.
Yeah.
Galaxy S10+: therapists and I don't understand why I've had this have this appointment. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So I'm wondering the therapist right heard. And what I do is I see people individually.
Galaxy S10+: Okay. Oh yeah, I get you, because I wasn't able to make my meetings because I worked
Galaxy S10+: I know I wasn't doing the groups because like my job was totally
Galaxy S10+: When they had their meetings. But now, now I don't have a job at all. And I'm stuck. I'm stuck indoors at this place all day long.
Galaxy S10+: Going crazy so
Shawn Phalen: What were you doing what kind of work in the restaurant. Were you doing
Galaxy S10+: I was a I was a cleanup and prep cook.
Galaxy S10+: Right. And I also had gotten a second job doing a maintenance.
Galaxy S10+: Like construction and everything.
Shawn Phalen: So is there any way you can start doing the groups now that you're not working.
Galaxy S10+: Um, I don't, I don't know. I'd rather have some of this more one on one.
Galaxy S10+: An actual group is I didn't get much of a chance to actually talk
Galaxy S10+: I said it was hard enough to address the fact that I guess the treatment for the
Galaxy S10+: heroin addiction is working, but know that this whole thing is not going to fix my main issue like I still struggle every day. And it's like, that's what's going to push back and
Galaxy S10+: Having something or do something good for me it
Shawn Phalen: Was the heroin really addressing the ADHD.
Galaxy S10+: Know it just, it just took me away from all of my problems. It just, it made it so none of it makes us to because I just wasn't in the squirrel.
I'm it's freezing when you were using
Galaxy S10+: A lot as much as I could, with a lot
Galaxy S10+: Like a, like a gram per shot by
Galaxy S10+: $300 a day.
Galaxy S10+: So you're using what three grams a day three grams a day. Okay. How are you using it. We're smoking injecting a I wasn't injecting I've had an injector I'm smoke it.
Okay, how are you supporting your habit.
Galaxy S10+: However, I could
Galaxy S10+: Be honest, like, however, I could something you point like in China and how that
Galaxy S10+: I would try and work. I would try and I would try and do everything I could to make money. But you know, I would do it. However, I have to get it.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Is there a history of fan of addiction in your family.
Galaxy S10+: Because she could say so. My father was a juicer, but I'm sure lots of substances, I normally
Galaxy S10+: Okay, what about your mom. My mom's not
Any siblings. No.
No.
Galaxy S10+: Okay, no, their family.
Galaxy S10+: Are you experiencing depression right now of course
Galaxy S10+: experience depression every day as I can't get treatment for this ADHD and I know it's out there. I literally have a friend that used to live near me that has ADHD.
Galaxy S10+: And he got medication for the Adderall and he even let me try as medication and it worked. And I, I couldn't believe it. So I went and talked to my doctor and he prescribed it to you. Like, I only got it for like maybe two weeks and then it was gone.
Galaxy S10+: Yeah, he left the state he no longer worked out of that office.
Galaxy S10+: And there's nobody else I could see
Galaxy S10+: Where I live in a very small town up in Northern California like yeah like to get to the nearest like like
Galaxy S10+: superstore I have to drive at 200 miles.
Galaxy S10+: Yeah, no.
Galaxy S10+: That's why I'm in writing right now because I'm so far out there. It's like there's nothing out there. And what's this virus thing happening.
Galaxy S10+: Want to be so far disconnected.
So,
Shawn Phalen: So how was school difficult for you.
Galaxy S10+: Yeah okay when I in my younger years
Galaxy S10+: If I wasn't like to hyper I'm standing on my desk and getting in trouble. I was at the back of the classroom, not being able to keep up because I was so sidetracked all the time.
Galaxy S10+: Though I'm, I'm in. I'm an intelligent person. So I actually got by my classes I was able to just do the book work and shipped by but yeah. Did you finish high school. Yeah. I graduated high school as a 3.8 type for valedictorian. Are you serious, I'm actually curious. I did it on homeschool
Galaxy S10+: Incredible.
How did you do that.
Galaxy S10+: took a lot of time.
Galaxy S10+: I spent all week learning the information and studying it. Then I go take my test on Friday and passed my test.
Galaxy S10+: I already knew the information. So I get like Greg.
So,
Galaxy S10+: Have you ever been prior suicide attempts. No, I don't want to kill myself. I just want to treat my my problem is I know that it's
Galaxy S10+: An answer to my my problem.
Galaxy S10+: And that's the biggest that's my biggest struggle is, I know it's there. It's there, and I
Depression.
Galaxy S10+: I usually try and talk to it with like my friend and
Galaxy S10+: I
Galaxy S10+: Don't know. Sometimes. Sometimes I don't know how I feel like this has been most frustrating thing I've heard in my life is to know the to the treatment for what I have and I just, you know, okay, so I understand that, but
Shawn Phalen: We have to understand, too, is that doctors are not really prescribing that stuff.
Galaxy S10+: Directing like this is not a disease, but it isn't. It is an diseases is something that people have
Galaxy S10+: I've had in my whole life. And I know for a fact that it exists. I know what you're talking about. I know how some doctors don't believe it even exist. That's not true. If he if those doctors had it, they would know that people that do have know it. That's okay.
Shawn Phalen: So, have you had any like a rest because of your heroin addiction any legal problems.
Galaxy S10+: Okay. And, um,
Galaxy S10+: Any traumatic events, growing up, um,
Galaxy S10+: Yeah, I've had, of course. I'm sure everybody does. Right. Okay. And
Any. Do you have any children.
Galaxy S10+: I had a son, he was adopted.
Galaxy S10+: Okay. And do you see your son. No, I don't know you, are you married at one point he was married
Galaxy S10+: Okay. And how long have you been divorce. Um, I was only married for about a year.
Galaxy S10+: And I've been divorced for about
Galaxy S10+: Oh, five
Galaxy S10+: Okay.
Galaxy S10+: I have a girlfriend.
Girlfriend
Galaxy S10+: Okay.
Galaxy S10+: Issue support. Is that a good relationship. I'm
Galaxy S10+: At times, it's the best relationship. I've ever known. Other times can be trying to everybody struggles and those once in a while. Yeah, they do the best I can. I know I'm not perfect. I do, I do. I'm a turn person. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Any other addictions that you're dealing with. It could be
Galaxy S10+: Internet porn sex addiction gambling, no, no, I don't know that I just fell into assumptions, because I'm searching for something that
Galaxy S10+: Would help. And because I'm always searching for something to help because I know what type of that would help if I would if I would have gotten the treatment has had on have never had an addiction to hell and
Galaxy S10+: It still is my frustration.
Galaxy S10+: I really was looking for something that would make it different, because being being this way.
Galaxy S10+: If you can imagine your mind goes at a million miles per hour.
Galaxy S10+: When you want to speak your words will only come out at you know three miles per hour. So you can never make those connections to which are trying to say at the time.
Galaxy S10+: Like
Galaxy S10+: It makes life so much more difficult than what it should be. No, no. That is our had declared taking medication that was able to just thinking screen instead of like thinking like
Shawn Phalen: You like i mean i i know that you're really, I know you're really wanting medication for this and
Galaxy S10+: I've done it. I've done meditation. I've done everything you can possibly imagine trying to do this treatment. I know, I know what you're talking about. I'm very intelligent person. My mom was a nurse for 25 years. I know that this, this is like
Galaxy S10+: It's almost like a chemical
Galaxy S10+: Distribution problem in my brain. It's like almost like if you're to treat a person that has like
Galaxy S10+: Like a deficiency was listening in the brain, which
Shawn Phalen: I understand. I'm really familiar.
Galaxy S10+: With a
Galaxy S10+: Lot of people don't seem to be and I am because our whole life and
Galaxy S10+: I know right.
Shawn Phalen: So are you are you would write her because you're trying to find medication for ADHD are you wanting to stay on the Suboxone
Galaxy S10+: On with bright heart for both because number one. I'm not going to do heroin anymore. I'm done with that, but I was getting so sick trying to stop.
Galaxy S10+: Like not able to function. So, someone said to his treatment and I don't have any treatment centers anywhere near me.
Galaxy S10+: So, so is D. Are you interested in doing individual therapy. Is that something you'd like to do. Yeah, I'd rather do it in the group therapy because the group therapy was just
Galaxy S10+: It didn't address me. It kind of discussed everybody else in the room, and that's how it is with
Galaxy S10+: HD like everybody else's able to speak. Remind and do what they want. But like every time I have a thought like before I'm able to say
Okay, so what are some things you want to work on. If you're gonna meet with me. Individual therapy. What do you want
Galaxy S10+: I want, I want to continue my treatment.
Galaxy S10+: Ever again in my higher
Galaxy S10+: That further away from who I want to be and where was that than I've ever experienced and wanted and
Galaxy S10+: I would like to get to the point where I'm stable and like without having to take some action or heroin and just on my normal
Galaxy S10+: Education and go back to like trying to a real life like I lost sight of it. I lost a hold of it and
Okay, so you want to work on getting your life back on track.
Galaxy S10+: Okay.
So,
That's something that you and I can work on. We can do individual sessions.
If that's if that's what you want to do.
Galaxy S10+: Yes.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so what days, what's today Wednesday.
Galaxy S10+: At 630
Galaxy S10+: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So can you do Wednesday, April 22 at 630
Galaxy S10+: I'm sure I can. I'm recording
Oh yeah, that's right.
Galaxy S10+: That's fine.
Shawn Phalen: You said the 22nd. 22nd at 630
Galaxy S10+: Hold on, I gotta write this down right now in my lap.
You got it.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so we'll meet on the 22nd at 630 and we'll just kind of start discussing ways you can get your life back on track.
Galaxy S10+: Okay i mean i'm i'm really familiar with this.
Galaxy S10+: I'm not a stupid person I know what I did was like stupid.
Galaxy S10+: So frustrated in my life because I felt like I had no homework, like there was nothing. Nothing. Nobody, nobody would write me pro nobody would get me to a doctor that actually helped me
Galaxy S10+: And I if I'm doing the same job like extra someone else's not normal, and no problem doing that job. He turned to the job.
Galaxy S10+: When I do the job that they're doing. I struggle three times as hard
Galaxy S10+: And that and that every day that wears you down to the point where
Galaxy S10+: It's like
Galaxy S10+: To know to sit there and know that that it doesn't have to be that hard that that life doesn't have to be as hard as it is on your
Galaxy S10+: Everyday like no I don't want to say I love life. I love the things that I find in my, I know that there's something that can make it so that it's not so hard to do the things in life and to be successful and you pursue happiness. It's like
Galaxy S10+: I don't understand why someone or anyone would want to keep someone that like I know that I know and I'm, again, I want to reiterate to you that I am not a doctor and so somehow like this, I can get a referral to service or a doctor out by heart healthy. I know there is one
Shawn Phalen: Person, you should ask Dr. Thing that's a
Galaxy S10+: Good idea, did and he he sighed skirted it kinda on and i i i know this because my friend that that that recommended I go here, those two groups and in in their groups. There are people that have been taking the medication from the doctor there.
Galaxy S10+: Dr. I don't know.
Galaxy S10+: I'm trying to get a hold of that friend find that information out. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So that's what I would do is try and find that doctor that prescribed and then say, I need to meet with that doctor and see what they'll do
Galaxy S10+: Yeah, I had been but with this whole quarantine thing. It's like I've been trying to just haven't been able to get ahold of them. And it's like, you can try to search through this like on my own, like, yeah, I'm still doing the treatment like like this for me but like
Galaxy S10+: It like
Galaxy S10+: Everything that I need in life.
Galaxy S10+: And I have no doctors in
Galaxy S10+: A little town that's like from
Galaxy S10+: Town.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so let's plan on meeting on the 22nd then okay and you do your you do your homework on the doctor and then we'll meet next on the 22nd.
Galaxy S10+: All right, nicely. Nice. Thank you. Okay. Take care. I hope you have a wonderful, wonderful afternoon and see you soon. Bye.